1. How would define machine learning ?
   Machine Learning is the science and art of programming computers 
   so they can learn from data.
   Machine Learning is the field of study that gives computers 
   ability to learn without explicitly programmed.
   A computer program is said to learn from experience E 
   with respect to some task T and some performance measure P,
   if its performance on T, as measure by P, improves with 
   experience E.

2. Type of problem where Machine Learning shines
  1. Problem which solutions require a lot of hand-tuning 
     or long lists of rules. 
  2. Complex solution which there is no good solution at all
     using traditional approach or no known algorithm.
  3. Fluctuating Environment.
  4. Getting insights about complex problems and large amount
     of data.

3. Labelled training set is training data with desired solutions for
   each instances

4. Two most common supervised tasks
 a. Classification
 b. Predict target numeric value (regression)

5. Four most common supervised tasks
 a. Clustering, grouping large amount of unlabelled data
 b. Dimensionality reduction, simplify data without loosing
    too much information.
 c. Anomaly Detection, the system trained with normal instances,
    and when it sees new instance it can tell it looks
    like normal or anomaly
 d. Association rule learning, dig large amount of data 
    and discover interesting relations between attributes.

6. Machine Learning Algorithm for robot to walk in terrains is
   Reinforcement Learning

7. Algorithm to segment customers into multiple groups is clustering

8. Spam detection is supervised learning problem

9. Online Learning System is system that learn incrementally, that is
   new set of training data is the last data instead of 
   all previous data plus new data.

10. Out of Core Learning is train systems of huge datasets that cannot
    fit in one's main memory

11. Type of learning that relies of similarity measure is instance
    based generalization (instance based learning)

12. Model Parameter vs Hyperparameter
    Model Parameter is parameter set by learning algoritm
    Hyperparamer is paramter set to adjust learning algorithm 

13. What do model-based learning search for ?
    Prediction function and its parameters
    What is the most common strategy they used to succeed?
    1. Learn the data
    2. Select a model
    3. Choose parameters
    4. Measure performance with utility function (fitness function) 
       or cost function
    
    How do they make predictions ?
    Apply selected model and parameter to new data

14. Four main challenges in Machine Learning
    1. Insufficient Quantity of Training Data
    2. Nonrepresentative Training Data
    3. Overfitting the Training Data
    4. Underfitting the Training Data

15. A model that performs great on training data but generalize poorly 
    to new instances is symtomps of overfitting
    Things we can do
    1. Simplify the model by selecting one with fewer parameters
    2. Gather more training data
    3. Reduce noise in training data


16. A test set is set of data use to measure generalization error.
    The reason using test set is to prevent bad model exposed to customer

17. Validation set is used to measure fitness of a model to a regularization 
    hyperparameter to avoid overfitting. It is also used to compare models

18. Tuning hyperparameter against test set will cause model will 
    perform best only to the test data but not to the new data

19. Cross validation is splitting train data into train and validation set.
    It if preferred to a single validation set is to avoid wasting too much
    data in validation set. It is also make possible to dompare models without
    the need for a separate validation set.


    

    
    
